Add what's new page for January 2020 (#16829)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/whats-new/2020-01.md

---
title: "ASP.NET Core docs: What's new for January 2020"
description: "What's new in ASP.NET Core docs for January 2020."
ms.date: 02/03/2020
---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# ASP.NET Core docs: What's new for January 2020

> Welcome to what's new in ASP.NET Core docs for January 2020. This article lists some of the major changes to docs during this period.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This article lists some of the significant changes to docs during this period.
```
